Adding guidance on menus.overrideContext() to the context menu UI page (#30056)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/user_interface/context_menu_items/index.md

You use this option to expose features relevant to specific browser or web page contexts. For example, you can show features to open a graphic editor when the user clicks on an image or offer a feature to save page content when part of a page is selected. You can add plain menu items, checkbox items, radio button groups, and separators to menus. Once a context menu item has been added using {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.create")}} it's displayed in all browser tabs, but you can hide it by removing it with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.remove")}}.

The full list of supported contexts is available at {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.ContextType")}} and includes contexts outside of a web page, such as bookmark items in the browser UI. For example, the "[Open bookmark in Container Tab](https://github.com/Rob--W/bookmark-container-tab)" extension adds a menu item that allows the user to open a bookmark URL in a new container tab.

![A context menu with "open in new container tab" submenu highlighted. The submenu shows personal, work, banking, shopping, and Facebook contextual identities. There is an option at the top of the submenu to select no container.](extension_context_menu.png)

> You can also override the context menus displayed on custom sidebars and popups to use either the tab or bookmark context menus with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.overrideContext")}}. This is a helpful method when your extension provides a custom presentation of tabs or bookmarks. The menu automatically includes menu items for any other extensions that have defined tab or bookmark context menu items. You can choose whether to include the default context menu items. Hiding the default items enables you to add the appropriate option for a sidebar or popup, as shown in the image below for the Tree Style Tab extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override the context menus displayed in extension pages such as custom sidebars and popups to use either the tab or bookmark context menus with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.overrideContext")}} instead of the default context menu. This is a helpful method when your extension provides a custom presentation of tabs or bookmarks. The menu automatically includes menu items for any other extensions that have defined tab or bookmark context menu items. You can choose whether to include the default context menu items. Hiding the default items enables you to add the appropriate option for a sidebar or popup, as shown in the image below for the Tree Style Tab extension.
```

> You can also override the context menus displayed in extension pages, such as custom sidebars and popups, to use either the tab or bookmark context menus with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.overrideContext")}} instead of the default context menu. This is a helpful method when your extension provides a custom presentation of tabs or bookmarks. The menu automatically includes menu items for any other extensions that have defined tab or bookmark context menu items. You can choose whether to include the default context menu items. Hiding the default items enables you to add the appropriate option for a sidebar or popup, as shown in the image below for the Tree Style Tab extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override the context menus displayed in extension pages, such as custom sidebars and popups, to use either the tab or bookmark context menus instead of the default context menu, with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.overrideContext")}}. This is a helpful method when your extension provides a custom presentation of tabs or bookmarks. The menu automatically includes menu items for any other extensions that have defined tab or bookmark context menu items. You can choose whether to include the default context menu items. Hiding the default items enables the extension to have full control over the displayed items in the rendered native context menu, as shown in the image below for the Tree Style Tab extension.
```

Another small edit:

- move "instead of" earlier so that it is more obvious what's it connected to. Feel free to copy-edit if you can think of a better way to make it flow better.
- to de-emphasize popup/sidebar. This method can be used in any extension page.
